>> I would like people to really
free up their imaginations.
Sometimes you can remember the
whole story of a whole dynasty
just from reading a
fictional portrayal of it.
>> Absolutely.
>> Yeah.
It's nonfiction.
It's basically
left-brain data analysis.
And what's going on with
fiction, if you think about it,
is imagination.
>> Yes.
>> What we're seeing in this
trilogy is the living out
of this period of time through
the lives and personalities
of some really
interesting characters.
So "Aquarian Age" is
dealing with the shift out
of the Age of Pisces and into
the Age of Aquarius, which
is what's happening right now.
And this book, in this
case, is covering thousands
of years going way
back even to Atlantis
through Alessandro de' Medici.
One character thinks one thing.
>> Right.
>> Another character
seeking something else.
And if you put it
together in your brain,
you start to get the point.
The essence of being human
is to be imaginative.
>>REGINA MEREDITH: This
is a very special show
in that Barbara Hand Clow
is wrapping up a decade
long journey with her trilogy,
the final book titled,
"Revelations From The Source."
The story is set in Italy with
the Catholic Church and a cast
of archetypal
characters converging
to illustrate the disruptive
nature of our times.
Everything is up for review
in this final chapter.
Barbara, welcome back.
>>BARBARA HAND CLOW: Hi, Regina.
Good to see you.
>>REGINA: I've been on
this journey with you.
>>CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: I think we were
talking about it when you first
started and what
a decision it was
to move from your
previous work to fiction.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And this
was a really--
this was a huge shift
internally for you to do this,
and I am so grateful
that you did.
Because personally,
I think it's because
of the emotional nature
and the textures that
can be set in fiction.
I have always learned
best through fiction,
whether it's historical
novels or whatnot.
And your work has been so deep
and complex over the decades
that you were able
to embed everything
you've ever written
about in this trilogy
through these characters.
And that's how
personally I learn best.
>>CLOW: And it's interesting
also how you remember best
because--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: --because sometimes you
can remember the whole story
of a whole dynasty
just from reading
a fictional portrayal of it.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
There was a study done
that humans learn best
through storytelling.
That's how we
remember, and that's
what we retained to
pass on in old times
to the next generations.
>>CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: And so that's very
different than relaying data,
relaying information.
And your books are fabulously
full of information.
And now, you've taken
this all to a story
that you feel you connect
with the characters,
so you start embracing
the knowledge differently.
So what was your intention at
the very beginning in putting
all this into these characters?
>>CLOW: I think first
of all, this trilogy
also has lots of information,
and all the background
information in the
trilogy is correct.
And so hopefully,
people will really
learn a lot about how
the church operates
and how politics
operate in all of that.
But I think the real reason
that it's so much more
powerful than nonfiction
is nonfiction is basically
left-brain data analysis.
And what's going on with
fiction, if you think about it,
is imagination.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: And in the new
age, one of the things
we've been learning
for the last 50, 60, 70
years is the power
of the imagination.
And so I think it's
time for people
to return to the imagination.
Because right now, we're
having an amazing lack
of availability of news
and information in general.
It's just going away.
And now we need to
use our imaginations,
and so that was the
point of the trilogy.
And when I first
conceived of it,
I realized that it
was very important
that I cover this period
of time, which is basically
2012 to 2021.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CLOW: And I knew way
back then as an astrologer
that this was going to be an
incredible period in history.
And I knew-- I could
see as an astrologer
that our world was going
to crack apart in 2020,
and it actually happened.
And so what we're
seeing in this trilogy
is the living out of
this period of time
through the lives and
personalities of some really
interesting characters.
The other key to this trilogy is
there aren't any boring people
in this trilogy.
>>REGINA: No, they're not.
Everybody's got a
place in the story.
>>CLOW: They are
really complicated.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
You can't afford to have
marginal characters when
you have this much
to bring information
to bring through
these characters.
>>CLOW: That's right.
And then what I couldn't
have anticipated,
but what I can see
now in retrospect,
is that we're really losing the
fabric of our creative reality
right now just because of
what's going on in the world.
And this trilogy really brings
that back and refreshes it,
because we can't let that go.
>>REGINA: We can't.
>>CLOW: The essence of being
human is to be imaginative.
>>REGINA: It is.
And so this gets
into the paradigm
shift of the Age of
Aquarius, we have astrology,
we have multidimensionality,
we have the rising wave
of the feminine coming in
and going into collaboration
with the masculine.
All of that's embedded
in this story, the things
you've written about.
So what I'd like to do
is backtrack a little bit
and go back to the beginning,
"Revelations of the Ruby
Crystal," and just
hopscotch quickly
through how you set it up.
We'll go to number
two, and then we
spend the rest of the
time on the new book.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So back to 2012
through 2015, which
is what "Ruby Crystal" covers.
And I'd like to say that as are
worth writing "Ruby Crystal"
and developing the characters,
I had no idea what would happen
to them in "Aquarian Age" and in
"Revelations From The Source."
So in "Ruby Crystal,"
we get the real fabric
of their private
lives, their family
relationships, their homes.
There's a lot of just real
rich context of their reality
in "Ruby Crystal."
>>REGINA: I want to
get a ticket to Rome.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And then, of course, why
is it located in Rome?
Well, that was a
strategic decision.
But I really didn't have
much choice about that
because of the way the
characters came through
in the first place.
All of the characters
appeared in my writing room
in May of 2011.
And they gave me their names,
their professions, their ages,
their family relationships.
They gave me the whole
context of their lives.
And 80% of them were Italians.
So it had to be in Italy.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CLOW: Located in Italy.
>>REGINA: Oh, there's some
important deeper reason
for that.
>>CLOW: Well, yeah there is.
And then also, Italy is the
midline for the planet, where
the issues between
East and West meet up
and the conflicts between dark
and light and all those things
are accentuated in Italy.
And other writers have
also written about this.
This is a fascination
with Italy.
People go there and they go
like, what's going on here?
They have such a
deep experience.
Well, that's the experience of
the midline especially in Rome.
And so it ended up
being located in Italy,
and then what happened is
when I sat down to write it,
the first one, "Ruby Crystal,"
I didn't even have a plot.
I just let the characters take
over, and it was such fun.
That was probably the
easiest book to write,
because I just let
them do their thing.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CLOW: And then
when I came-- when
it came time to write "Aquarian
Age," which covers 2015
to 2018, then I had to deal with
how the timeline was unfolding.
Because by the time
we get up to 2015,
and I'm sure that most
listeners and people tuning
into the show, I think they'll
go back and recognize how
much things started to change.
You didn't know what was
going on at that point,
but things were
definitely changing.
And so "Aquarian Age" is
dealing with the shift out
of the Age of Pisces and into
the Age of Aquarius, which
is what's happening right now.
And so the "Aquarian
Age" is more
about working with the timeline,
and working with history,
and working with the
change that was going on.
And then when we get into
"Revelations From The Source,"
we're getting into
the keys to where
all of this energy, and
consciousness, and meaning,
and change is
actually coming from.
And so "Source" I think is
the finest of the three.
Maybe because--
>>REGINA: I would agree.
It's a very intense experience,
and you're such a sensitive--
I actually was worried about
you while you were writing it,
because you had to
really immerse yourself
in all the feelings to express
this through the characters.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
The degree that I
have to go in deep
was really intense including
working with crystals.
This book has some
of the best teachings
about working with crystals
that exist on the planet.
And so I went into the real
source of the breakdown.
And in the whole
trilogy, the main context
is looking at it regarding
world religions and especially
Catholicism.
Because the Age of Pisces is
the age of organized religion.
And so then also, while
we're dealing with religion,
we're also dealing
with politics.
Because they both go in tandem.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And it's interesting because
the characters are Italian
and it's set across some
of my favorite cities
in the world, Rome,
Florence, Siena.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: The characters
were very much
focused on what was
happening in America.
So still America was at the
center of it prior to COVID,
and then this book goes
into COVID, all of it,
the politics of it, the reality
on the ground of what happens
with families, and so forth.
So why America?
>>CLOW: Well, that
was a hard one,
because I hate it when people
are what I call Amerocentric.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: But because I have
a lot of friends in Europe,
and because I was spending
a lot of time in Italy,
I can assure you that
almost everybody has
been focused on America.
And Trump became like
an obsession like--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: --people
in the media would
have loved to have
just gotten rid of him,
but all they did was talk
about Trump all the time.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CLOW: And so I
was really forced
to have Trump and America play
a strong role in this book.
>>REGINA: Well, it also
points to the devolution
of American culture as a
result of the decisions
we've made in mass and as a
result of COVID, our response
to it.
But that's a global
breakdown right there.
The COVID thing is more of a
global breakdown of culture.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
That's right.
>>REGINA: OK.
So do you want to get into
the book, the "Revelations
From Source," and
start setting it up?
OK.
Here's how I did.
It.
First of all, this centers
around this artistic genius
named Armando.
A handsome, very elite man,
who lives between dimensions.
He has a very,
very dark side that
is trying to transcend into the
light and into companionship
with the feminine.
So let's talk about
Armando's journey
first, because he's the one.
His painting is the catalyst.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So Armando showed up in
the first book, of course.
And in the first
book, he was very bad.
A sexual abuser of young women
all the way through his 20s
and 30s and including a
beloved girlfriend, Claudia,
who becomes a character all the
way through the whole trilogy.
And my daughter at
that point, Liz Clow,
is the Illustrator
for this trilogy.
>>REGINA: She did
a beautiful job.
>>CLOW: She did.
>>REGINA: I love it.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And so Liz, being a
real deep Scorpio, said,
no matter what you do,
mom, make him really bad.
Because Liz is
used to me being--
I'm really a mom, and a
wife, and a very nice person.
>>REGINA: You are.
>>CLOW: A sweet person.
And I had to create this
really major bad character.
>>REGINA: That's why I
was worried about you.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
Well, it's a good point,
Regina, because what did happen
is this trilogy really ended up
confronting the source of evil.
And it's really interesting
in the third book, where
it starts to really get into
where is this evil coming from?
Why is brutality this way?
Why, for example, in
the current moment,
why are we being tortured the
way we are by public health?
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CLOW: This just simply
doesn't make any sense.
And the only way
that we can really
begin to understand
what's going on
is to understand how evil
is functioning in the world.
And this trilogy, by no
means, figures it out.
But it goes deeply
into the issue.
>>REGINA: It illustrates.
>>CLOW: It really goes
deeply into the issue,
and it's something that we
need to understand better.
So they're in the
middle of that.
Back to dear Armando.
Armando, meanwhile,
is a tortured soul.
Because he was abused as a young
child by a Catholic priest.
And, of course, this is
the basic background thesis
throughout the whole trilogy,
the issue of sexual abuse
especially abuse of children
in the Catholic Church,
because this is
the ultimate evil.
What is there that's worse than
innocent children being abused?
Nothing's worse.
And so Armando gradually begins
to come in "Aquarian Age,"
the second book.
He finds the love of
his life and develops--
and she's also a very
wounded being herself.
So we have two people
getting together,
which is typical, who have
their own wounding and conflicts
to deal with, so that they
can understand each other.
And Armando in
"Aquarian Age" goes
to that level of a well-adjusted
husband and father.
And it's really wonderful
to see that progression,
because the trilogy also
has the parents involved.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: So with our
major characters,
we have mom and dad.
And so we get to watch the
transformation of a child,
and we get to watch how the
parents are responding to that,
which is like what
bigger deal do most of us
live with than that right there?
>>REGINA: It is true.
>>CLOW: This is
the central issue.
>>REGINA: And these aren't
just ordinary characters,
because you can't afford to have
anyone ordinary in this book.
They each have to
hold something that's
unique and special by
way of wisdom, knowledge,
or experience.
And I loved his dad.
I thought he was a
wonderful man in the book.
I really enjoyed Mr.
Pierleoni's character,
but one of the
things we see here
is you're bringing in
the ancient mysteries
in the passing of the baton
in the most ancient mysteries
through the male
lineage in this as well.
>>CLOW: Yes.
That's right.
And people might
even criticize me
for focusing on the male
lineage the way I did.
But to tell you
the truth, that's
the way it's worked
for a long time.
>>REGINA: It has.
>>CLOW: It has.
But meanwhile, we have Claudia
Tagliati, who's a photographer.
Actually, she's
fashion designer.
And we have Claudia coming in.
And she's a really, really
powerful feminine archetype.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: And then we have Sarah
Appel, the early Christian--
>>REGINA: Scholar.
>>CLOW: --researcher.
Yeah, scholar and researcher.
And so even though the male
lineage is rolling along
as usual generation by
generation, and this book,
in this case, is
covering thousands
of years going way
back even to Atlantis
through Alessandro de' Medici.
So it's going back
through the timelines,
because that is how it passes
through the male lineage--
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: --in terms of
the data, but the spirit
passes through the women.
And so we see that
passage through the women.
And also, let's notice that
the male lineage people
in this novel are basically
taking the cues from the women.
>>REGINA: They are.
So the women are
much more living in--
even though each might have
their issues such as Claudia,
but they're still living
in a more balanced way
than the men are at this point.
Because the patriarchy itself
has gone out of balance,
and they've been subject
to the churches themselves.
But one thing you bring
in early on in the book,
and you and I talked
about this years ago
and in fact, I think our last
interview up in your place,
in your library, had
to do with the work,
the secret tomb of Jesus.
James Cameron turned this
into a film, a documentary.
>>CLOW: Simcha Jacobovici,
an incredible filmmaker.
>>REGINA: An
incredible filmmaker.
And he and Cameron worked as EP
and put a documentary together,
basically,
documenting everything
that was in the original book.
>>CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: Now, you focus
on this for a reason.
And you bring it up a few
times throughout about what
happens if humanity can
acknowledge that Jesus lived,
they found his tomb, And
in his tomb was his wife,
was his mother, were
his children, brothers,
and so forth.
Why do you bring this
into this into the story?
>>CLOW: And this has
basically been proven.
>>REGINA: Oh.
The evidence is incredible.
>>CLOW: And people
are just going
to have to do the
research on it.
>>REGINA: May I just
say something now?
>>CLOW: Sure.
>>REGINA: You can
find this on Amazon.
You have to pay for it,
same amount as the book.
It's like $18 to rent.
It's worth renting because
they did a wonderful forensics
job on this.
So let's go for it.
>>CLOW: They did.
So first of all, as this
whole thing unfolded,
I didn't know where
it was going myself.
I just want you to
know, the characters
were really in charge
of where this is going.
And Simon was just not going
to let go, Simon Appel.
>>REGINA: Dog with a bone.
>>CLOW: Simon Appel, who is
a reporter for "The New York
Times" as well as
various Italian papers,
and he's Sarah Appe's husband.
>>REGINA: And she's the
early Christian scholar.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So the two of them get together.
And that's fun, because he's
Jewish and she's Catholic.
And she eventually
leaves the church.
And so just the dialogue going
on between the two of them--
because we're also dealing
with the Age of Aries
in this trilogy, which is the
period of time from about 0
AD to 2000 BC.
And that's the age
of organized warfare,
and then we go into the
Age of Pisces, which
became the age of wars for God.
And so I had to deal
with all 4,000 years,
because what we're
actually doing right now
is we're transforming 4,000
years of human consciousness.
So regarding the tomb of
Jesus, whether anybody likes it
or not, it's been discovered,
it's been authenticated.
And the facts are there's
a Jesus family tomb,
and Jesus was buried with
his family in his tomb.
But meanwhile, he's
supposedly resurrected.
And so the reason there is
such resistance to recognizing
that this tomb is
authentic is because it
goes against the
Christian doctrine
of the resurrection of Jesus.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
Well, when it was
discovered in Israel,
both the Jews and the
Christians tried to squash this.
>>CLOW: That's right.
That's right.
>>REGINA: That's why no
one knows this book exists
or this film exists.
>>CLOW: That's right.
That's right.
And Sarah and Simon, to
the end of the trilogy,
can't figure out why
the Jews are resisting
the issue because we're talking
about a tourist site in Israel.
This should be
number one, right?
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
>>CLOW: And apparently,
according to my research
in Source, it was the main
tourist site back at factoring
like 1200 to 1300 BC--
>>REGINA: Doing
Templar-- you say
it is a pilgrimage
site for the Templar.
>>CLOW: So information
is coming forth
regarding the Templar as
guardians of the tomb.
And as Christians,
you have to wonder
why were these Christians going
all the way to the Holy Land
during the Middle Ages?
Just imagine taking
that journey.
They were going to
visit the tomb of Jesus.
And that in itself
is a revelation.
>>REGINA: And Mary Magdalene.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And yes, the other issue is Mary
Magdalene being Jesus' wife.
So then what happened,
Regina, with this whole issue
is a deeper level started to
come through the characters,
especially through a character
called Father Giorgio Faccini,
who's a Jesuit and who's a
keeper of the Vatican Library.
And the deeper issue
that starts coming
through as we start to let go
of the resurrection and all
that stuff, who was Jesus
and where did he come from?
And so toward the latter
parts of "Source,"
we start to get into the
issue of the possibility
that all of those early
church controversies around,
was Jesus God?
Was he man?
Was he man, God?
Who was he?
The reason there was such a big
argument going on in the third,
fourth, and fifth
centuries is probably
because they knew he
was an extraterrestrial.
Now, this doesn't come out
explicitly in the book.
This is where--
>>REGINA: You hint at it.
>>CLOW: This is where
you get to this point
where one character
thinks one thing,
another character
is something else.
And if you put it
together in your brain,
you start to get the point.
And so if there's going to be
a sequel to this, if there's
going to be a fourth
book, if it comes through,
it's going to be probably
to resolve that issue.
Because that's what all
those early church councils
were all about.
And that's why Sarah
is so fascinating.
She's just dogging it.
Who was he?
And OK, people watching this
are of all different religious
backgrounds, and yet every
religion on the planet
has been influenced in some
way by the arrival of Jesus.
There's something
mysterious about the impact
of this individual,
whether you're a Christian,
or a Jew, and especially
regarding people
Muslim and Islamic culture,
is that the Quran actually
saves some of the
early data about Jesus
that's not in the
Christian scripture.
And a lot of people
don't know this,
but some of the really
authentic material
is in Islamic scholarship.
>>REGINA: Because they
accepted him as a prophet.
>>CLOW: Well, so again,
there's something.
Even from friends of mine
who were like into Buddhism
and different things,
will say, yeah, there
is something about the
impact of this individual.
He had some impact
on this planet.
And I've come to the
conclusion myself
that he's the key
to our relationship
to other dimensions.
And that's where
we're going right now.
>>REGINA: And you play this
out on many different levels
in conversation but down
into the Catholic Church,
into deep rituals, into hidden
artifacts, into black magic.
It just keeps descending.
The story keeps--
>>CLOW: It just won't go away.
>>REGINA: It won't go away.
And one of the
things, when you look
back on it, why did
the Catholic Church--
why did it have to have such a
dark root system to it really?
Because as I've read through
the years and comments
from people who have
been in the church
that there are a lot of atheists
among the Cardinals and others.
They don't believe
this stuff that they're
propagating and foisting
upon the people at all.
>>CLOW: It's what I
call the fairy story.
>>REGINA: The fairy story.
They're projecting this
fairy story on the public
while they're living in these
realms of extreme power,
politics, and corruption, and
including corrupting children
from their youth and using their
innocence to feed themselves.
And you have a character that's
quite lascivious in this book.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: He's just detestable.
And then as you say, Faccini
falls somewhere in between.
And I end up having a lot
of compassion for him.
>>CLOW: Faccini is another
one of the characters,
like Armando, who in the
beginning of the book
is a Vatican agent
basically who was
dogging the other characters.
But he ends up being really
transformed human being.
And that was a key issue for
me to show that transformation.
But back to that
issue of the darkness,
and you've just sparked
an insight in my mind
that today that I
really appreciate,
which is the more you try
to cover up the truth,
the more dark and
evil you become.
I think the break up
of the Catholic Church
and the exposure of child
abuse is a breakthrough.
And I think we're going to get
big breakthroughs regarding
what's being done
to human health.
>>REGINA: I think we are too,
but it's going to come from us.
It's going to come
from the bottom up.
>>CLOW: Yes.
>>REGINA: It will be a reaction
from the masses, we people.
OK.
You get into modern times
in the Catholic Church,
you get into Francis,
and it's interesting
how you treat Pope
Francis in the book.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: And maybe tell
us a little bit about that,
what your thought was.
>>CLOW: Well, that for
me has been an adventure.
Because I still can't figure out
what Francis is really doing,
and I think a lot of
people can't figure out
what he's doing.
Personally, I think he's having
a positive effect on things.
So people are going to just
have to see what happens,
because we see Pope Francis
when he's meditating,
we see him when
he's ill, we see him
when he's having different
experiences in his life.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: And, of course,
that's all fictional.
Like Pope Francis and
the fact that he's
the Pope is all in the book,
all the backgrounds correct.
But the experiences with
him are all fiction.
He's a fictional character.
So people are just going to
have to see how they feel.
>>REGINA: There have
been documentaries
about him, the people's Pope.
And like you say,
a lot of people
feel that he is on some
larger level doing some good
and progressing the Catholic
Church out of his own agendas.
But then others have
been overlooked,
and the whole notion
of priestly abuse
and some of the true life events
that happened under his watch--
>>CLOW: That's right.
>>REGINA: --were
pretty heinous also.
So you're again
having a time where--
and you get into this in
the book, gosh, forgive me.
I've read the book
twice, the name
of the organization
that actually runs
the popes and everyone else.
>>CLOW: The entity.
>>REGINA: The entity.
So here you have--
and I didn't know
about The entity.
>>CLOW: The entity
is just like the CIA.
>>REGINA: It's like the CIA.
>>CLOW: And again, we're
going back to this principle
that you're really
waking me up to,
these are the organizations
that are based on the deepest
level of secrecy and lying.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: And then what
happens is they finally
become co-opted by
the lies themselves.
>>REGINA: Well, and the
players, surrounding players
are going to essentially
have to do business
with the entity on
one level or another.
And so it appears that
Francis made some unfortunate
compromises that
did not serve some
of the victims of sexual
abuse in other countries,
and we won't go into it.
They can read about
it in the book.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: At the same time,
trying to implement something
that could be for the better.
Because everyone's
answering to the entity.
Now, when you've written
your other books,
it seems that the people
who appear to be in power
are also answering to some
entities of some kind.
So let's talk about this top
down authoritarian struggle
humanity is having in general.
>>CLOW: And this is a tough one,
because where does it start?
It's an issue of
pyramid, and there's
somebody at the very top of
the pyramid who basically
is a really evil force.
And then they start
sending orders down
through the pyramid, down
through the managers,
and down through the
people who act things out.
And the question is what's going
on at that top of that pyramid?
And that's another issue that
I think we're facing right now
is the issue of extraterrestrial
influence on this planet.
>>REGINA: Well, I will tell
you one thing I interviewed
a man named John
Warner IV, his father
was Senator John Warner, who
five terms Virginia, married
to Elizabeth Taylor, took
his son to the Pentagon
to do his homework.
He knew about the ET issue, the
power players, and such power
players that you
never see in America.
And he said, when it came
down to it in the end,
everybody there in
the Pentagon knew.
If you ask them who's in
charge, one of the generals
said, it's the aliens,
my son, young man.
And so I thought it
was interesting coming
through him after reading
your work and others.
Is there any-- and then
may I say something else?
The various people who channel,
who I interview many of them,
I have asked them on camera
and privately about those
including my own guides.
They just shake their heads
and say, this is real.
There's really nothing we can
say to you at this time that's
going to matter.
And they all say it.
They won't talk about
whatever this is.
Why?
>>CLOW: Oh, boy.
That's a hard
question, isn't it?
>>REGINA: Why?
>>CLOW: Yeah.
Why?
I agree because it's
a question that I
ask every day, in the sense,
that I am attempting to really
figure this out.
So I can't answer.
I can't answer--
>>REGINA: They grapple with
this and they ask the questions
in the book--
>>CLOW: The only thing I
can say is one of my books
years ago was called "Signet
of Atlantis, War in Heaven
Bypass," where I was exploring
the idea that we live
on the Earth, and we
have all this warfare,
and all this conflict.
And then in the outer realms
and other outer dimensions,
that there's a war going on.
And a lot of people
really do feel
there's a war going on right now
between positive and negative
extraterrestrials.
And I guess the best
I've been able to do
is to show through a character
like Armando or Giorgio Faccini
to show what it's like to
finally shake the evil off.
>>REGINA: Yes.
And you do a
beautiful job of that.
>>CLOW: And the evil is
always coming from abuse.
It's always coming for abuse.
And as everybody knows
about me since I've
written about it in
therapeutic books,
I was abused as a very
small child from 18 months
to three years old.
And I had to heal from that,
and I had to recover from that.
And the way I recovered from
that, it's really interesting,
was in the session
where the therapist
helped me realize that
my energy was part of it.
That there was
something within me
that needed to work itself
out, and that it isn't all.
You can't blame it
all on one person.
And I'm not going to defend
the abuse of a child ever,
and that's very, very
clear in this book.
But somehow, the child
who has been abused
has to work through the way
in which energy affected them.
Because basically, what happens
with child's sexual abuse
in particular is a
person is co-opted often
into a lot of really
evil behavior.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: And that
didn't happen to me.
That didn't.
I was more like the
martyr type versus the--
like an Armando.
But being a martyr isn't
going to do you any good, and.
Just to suffer for some reason.
And being an evil abuser
isn't going to do any good.
So really at a very
deep level, this book
is working with those
kinds of energies.
Because hopefully, I'm
triggering the reader
into resolving some of
the inner conflicts that
have been driving them
and confusing them.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
And when you were talking a
moment ago about this pyramid,
the pyramidal structure and
of course, David Icke I think
popularized the pyramidal--
>>CLOW: Yeah, David Icke
really did a great job on that.
>>REGINA: Yeah,
pyramidal structure.
>>CLOW: Got to credit him, yeah.
>>REGINA: So about a year,
a year and a half ago,
I thought, you know what?
That's not applicable anymore.
They got the pyramid wrong,
and I created a new pyramid.
I sent it to David, and I
heard that David used it
in his Trafalgar
Square presentation
by way of describing it.
And what it is, is it's flipped.
It's an inverted pyramid.
The quote "masses"
are the power.
We're the psychic power of
the planet not those few.
And I put them at the bottom,
more kind of like bottom
feeders.
The part that was at the top
in that previous pyramid.
And I think the power of
our awakening together,
our recognizing these
things in ourselves the way
you're illustrating
through the characters
is the beginning of
the masses now being
at the top of the pyramid.
And that stuff
that trickles down
will ultimately be vanquished.
>>CLOW: This is so interesting,
because I taught workshops
with that exact model
for a number of years.
And what it had to do
was working with students
to teach them how to
change the dynamic
at the bottom of the pyramid.
In other words,
like how they could
re-envision the whole
reality that they existed in.
And once somebody changes it
at the bottom of the pyramid,
the whole pyramid gets busted.
>>REGINA: Absolutely.
It doesn't work the same.
OK.
So in this, you and I were
going back and forth recently,
I wanted to talk just a
little bit about Sarah,
a little more about
the character Sarah,
because she had been
with Armando previously.
The one who is the
early Christian scholar,
beautiful young woman
from a Catholic family
that had its own abuse in it.
And she got away from Armando.
She could not handle.
It was shattering.
He had to take a woman who
was a little more-- had
a little more
darkness in herself
to work it through together.
So why did Sarah
intrigue you so much out
of all these characters?
>>CLOW: I think Sarah
is probably the one who
the most autobiographical.
>>REGINA: It seems to me.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
The way to interpret
that would be
in how she has chosen
to live her life.
So when I was 42
years old, I graduated
from-- got a Master's in
Theology with Matthew Fox.
And I also had a husband
and four children,
and a job as a publisher.
And I really wanted to
go to graduate school,
and I wanted to go to
graduate school in Patristics,
which is early church studies.
So what I did, since I
couldn't go to graduate school,
is I did graduate
school for 30 years.
So Sarah is the one who's
really carrying my background
knowledge in early
Church History.
And it's fascinating
to me, Regina,
because the end
result of my PhD is
I'm beginning to realize
that Jesus had to have
come from another star system.
So when you study patristics,
you study all those arguments.
Is he God?
Is he man?
All those stuff.
What is he?
And I've really come
to the conclusion
that Jesus did come from
another star system.
I think the person who has
the closest analysis of this
so far, the most correct one is
Len Kasten in his book on Serpo
>>REGINA: On Serpo.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
So it's an issue
of Jesus actually
being a person who lived on
Serpo 2,000 years ago who
came to the Earth.
And if people start to realize
this, and all they have to do
is start reading about Serpo
and they'll find out a lot.
But if people start
realizing this,
we're going to start
realizing that someone
came here from the
stars 2,000 years ago
and became fully human.
He married, had
children, and there's
a whole story behind the
actual life of Jesus.
And this is what the church
has been trying to cover up.
And so when I went
into patristics,
I wanted to get into
those early controversies.
>>REGINA: OK.
So you're sparking
something in me here.
It seems though one religion
that actually does wear this
a little bit on the sleeve
is the Mormon faith.
They talk about--
>>CLOW: That's true.
It's true.
>>REGINA: So can you
just share a little bit--
>>CLOW: It's a very
interesting point on your part,
because another thing I've
been into for many years
is the issue of what
was really going
on in early America,
what about who
were the Native
Americans really.
And in my case,
I'm part Cherokee.
And the Mormons, as a
religion, are like what
150 years old at this point.
So it's a relatively
new religion
that went deeply
into the issue of who
was really here in America.
Some of their research
on who was here
at the time, some of their
DNA research is fantastic.
And so I think the
Mormons are probably
closer to this question than,
you're absolutely right,
than any other religion.
But unfortunately,
the Mormons are deeply
absorbed in patriarchal
consciousness.
>>REGINA: Oh, absolutely.
>>CLOW: They're the most
patriarchal religion
practically on the planet.
And the patriarchy
is a disaster,
because the patriarchy
is misogyny and based
on hatred and control of women.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CLOW: You and me, no way.
>>REGINA: No way.
>>CLOW: We're not
doing that one.
>>REGINA: OK.
Now let's go into something
else here and that is--
you and I were writing
back and forth privately
recently about cycles of time.
And it's like I'm asking
you, geez, Barbara
what is going on out there?
And you're talking
about something
you had been researching
lately, these 735-year cycles.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So share a
little bit about that.
This is getting into your
astrological background.
But keeping the astrology
brief, because we only
have a short time
left, the impact
of these cycles when they
start when-- what happens
when they start and end?
>>CLOW: Well, what
happened in 2020
was the beginning of
a new 735-year cycle.
And so then what
we astrologers do
is we just go back
to the previous one,
and the previous one,
and previous one.
So I started doing that.
And the previous one
is 1285 AD, and that's
when modern banking
started, that's
when modern economics started,
that's when globalism started.
And now, we've come
through that 735 years,
and it has been
cracked wide open.
And it looks like
the next stage is
going to be artificial
intelligence, but we'll see.
Certainly, from the point of
view of the "Aquarian Age,"
it looks like that.
So--
>>REGINA: Tell us how that
could be a good thing.
>>CLOW: Well, of course,
it could, especially--
>>REGINA: Yeah.
So let's talk about
it from the positive.
>>CLOW: It's just
that I hate it myself.
>>REGINA: I know.
I do too.
But let's talk
about how that could
be a good thing, because
it can if it's used wisely.
>>CLOW: Well, but I don't know
enough about quantum physics,
et cetera to
really-- but I think
it's going to be a quantum-based
reality in some way, which
is automatically going
to be multidimensional.
>>REGINA: Yes and I interviewed
a young fellow who's Canadian,
Deep Prasad, as
in D-E-E-P Prasad.
And he's one of
the young geniuses
on the planet in
quantum computing,
and that was on my site.
We had a lovely conversation.
And Deep was saying once
quantum computing becomes
the dominant reality and
the Chinese are ahead on it
right now, then what happens is
there is no security anymore.
Anything we talk about,
cybersecurity, all of this
is over.
>>CLOW: And that
would be a good thing.
>>REGINA: And that
>>CLOW: Because then you're
starting to end the secrets.
>>REGINA: You're
starting to end secrecy.
>>CLOW: And the
secrets are to create--
are what create a lot of
these control dynamics
that we're struggling.
>>REGINA: He said, it ends.
You can't stop any information
flow from that point forward.
>>CLOW: Right.
>>REGINA: That's an
interesting thought
when we were developing AI.
And now, let's talk about
some of the other potentials
where it can-- if
we choose correctly,
this can be a flourishing era,
if we blend it with the heart
and soul of humanity.
>>CLOW: Well, then
this is based again
upon really dealing with the
meaning of evil and how evil
enters the world.
And that's really what this
whole trilogy is all about.
It's starting to really take a
very deep seated look at evil.
And the reason it's
so hard right now
is it's really such a
hard thing to look at.
It's such a hard
thing to face up to,
and that's what
I've been writing
using my imagination for.
>>REGINA: OK.
So if we look at your
characters and their background,
and we look at what's
mounting right now,
and we look at--
there used to be
a site called intelligence.org.
It was taken down.
And I started looking
into all the characters
years ago, because the primary
ones out of MIT developing
AI and such.
It was fascinating to look
into their backgrounds.
But what you're talking about
is a heavily atheistic agenda.
You're looking at dust to dust.
There is no spirit
that transcends life.
So thus, great amounts of fear
of annihilation, and then you
can be manipulated very
easily from that level.
Because everything
wants to exist.
Life wants to exist.
>>CLOW: Well, except that it
changes when people face up
to the issue of death.
And once you realize
you live many lifetimes,
and once you realize you
go into many realities,
then it doesn't matter anymore.
>>REGINA: It doesn't.
And that's why I say this
is an atheistic agenda.
The perpetuation
of consciousness
through whatever kind of means
and body you can get hold of.
Immortality, who
needs immortality?
I don't want to be
in this body forever.
I want to try a new one on.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
>>REGINA: So we know that
the expansion of awareness
of their very, very
early religions
in the world, which understood
we come back cyclically.
We continue to grow and learn.
>>CLOW: Well, see, that's
another issue in this trilogy
is what Christianity took
away at 2,000 years ago.
It's a very, very deep issue.
And I think the things
that Christianity took away
by creating the fairy story
about how Jesus supposedly
la,la,la, and then ascended
and all that kind of stuff,
are dealt with very,
very deeply in this book.
But as the fairy
story goes away,
then the truth comes back in.
And that's what's
happening right now.
As hard as this is, a lot
of truth is being faced now.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CLOW: It really is.
>>REGINA: I know you didn't--
when you started this trilogy,
you didn't know where
it was going to end.
Were you at all surprised by
where it ended at this point?
Like you said, you just hinted.
You may even do a fourth one.
But at this point,
were you surprised
where it ended on one hand
in terms of the trilogy?
And then were you even
remotely surprised
where it ended coming
as an astrologer?
>>CLOW: Well,
bringing up astrology.
Again, astrology just doesn't
exist in the first two books,
except the discussion
about the Age of Aquarius.
>>REGINA: Right.
>>CLOW: And so people shouldn't
be afraid of astrology.
At this point,
astrology is really
being used by a lot of
people to interpret reality.
>>REGINA: Including those
in positions of power.
>>CLOW: Yes.
Well, OK, first of all,
it's assumed and described
in the book about how people
in power use astrology.
And they used the 2020--
they started calling
it the Great Reset.
And the Great Reset is
an astrological term
for this 735-year cycle.
I was amazed when I
saw Davos coming up
with the idea of
The Great Reset.
It's not it discussed a
lot, because people have
a hard time with astrology.
But it's discussed in
a way that makes sense,
because these large historical
cycles really do affect us.
So we really are in--
>>REGINA: So the
characters went really
according to the astrology.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
We're really at this
key turning point.
People are really going
to see a big change
in Christmas of 2021.
And the novel only goes
through part of 2021,
because it had to get published.
But there's going to
be a real awareness
of a great shift at the end
of 2021 and going into 2022.
>>REGINA: And really,
the way you described it
to me, privately and
off camera, is this
we're going to be challenged.
Women will be
particularly challenged.
Some of it could be around
the choice of what they're
going to do with their children,
around the issue of vaccines
could force these
kinds of issues
forward to the forefront.
But that it's really
going to come down
to human sovereignty and choice
at that point on a large scale.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And let's go back to that
issue of ending the pyramid.
>>REGINA: Yes.
>>CLOW: What happened
because of COVID
was that a whole
lot of people got
to spend a whole lot of
time for the last year
to a year and a half
exploring new realities.
They got out of jobs
that were a treadmill,
and they got into a
whole new reality.
And a lot of women are
not going to be going back
to work anymore who
are raising children,
because they're going to
go back to realizing--
>>REGINA: They're
quitting in droves.
>>CLOW: Yes, they're
Because they're
starting to realize that
the most precious time
of your whole life
is your opportunity to
be with a small child.
And to be coerced
and manipulated
into leaving your
baby behind, there's
a lot of issues with that.
>>REGINA: There are.
And the fact is women
are quite capable.
We don't need to put
a suit and tie on
to be able to do a job
and care for children,
if we can do it in our own
environment and our own pace
and way.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
I've had four children.
I've never had any problem
not doing what I needed to do.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
It's just doing it
in the way that it's
been laid out in a corporate
and institutional manner.
>>CLOW: So I didn't want
to leave my children.
I didn't leave them
until they were three,
when they were in preschool.
>>REGINA: Yeah.
>>CLOW: I didn't want to.
>>REGINA: No.
Well, very quickly,
we're out of time.
What is the one takeaway
you'd like people
to have from that trilogy?
>>CLOW: I would like
people to really free up
their imaginations.
These characters are-- they're
very complex psychologically,
psychically, intellectually
in terms of history,
in terms of their families.
And I would like people to--
these characters are very--
I didn't choose them,
because they came to me.
They wanted to speak through me.
And they are really wonderful,
really complex, beautiful
human beings.
And we've got to start using
people like that as models.
>>REGINA: I agree.
In fact, I thought, oh, man.
I'd love to be in that
beautiful dining room and part
of that conversation with them.
But fortunately, I have you.
We have these conversations.
>>CLOW: Right.
>>REGINA: Barbara, thank
you so much for persevering
through these three books
over the last nine, 10 years.
>>CLOW: Yeah.
And thank you for
your support, Regina.
>>REGINA: You're most welcome.
My pleasure truly.
Again, the title of the latest
of the Revelations trilogy
is "Revelations
From The Source."
It's intense, educational,
and inspirational.
The kind of fiction we need to
begin weaving into our cultures
now, fiction that
changes how we think.
To learn more about
the first two books,
you can watch my previous
interviews with Barbara on Gaia
or you can buy the books.
Until next time, thank
you for joining us here
on "Open Minds."